The growth can be calculated by computing the month on month growth and year over year growth in revenue. 

Another way to measure the growth is to see how the conversion rate from trial to a full paying member and from basic to pro level is moving over time.

We can also look at the number of trials on a monthly basis to see how many new customers we are able to attract towards the platform. 

The key metrics to track to assess performance over time include:

number of new customers for each month in a year
number of churns after trial for each month
number of upgrades from basic monthly to pro monthly or pro annual plans
revenue from each month for each year
number of customers for each month

Question: What are some key customer journeys or experiences that you would analyse further to improve customer retention?

To improve customer retention I would analyze:

customers who churned after trial
customers who downgraded
customers who churned after subscribing to any of the plans after trial
customers who upgraded their subscriptions
customers who upgraded from trial to pro annual
By grouping and analyzing these customers, I can identify trends and areas that can be leveraged to retain new customers who patronize the business and whose characteristics align with the trend of any group.


Question: If the Foodie-Fi team were to create an exit survey shown to customers who wish to cancel their subscription, what questions would you include in the survey?
Why did you sign up for the service?
Was the service what you expected?
Have you tried a similar service? How does our service compare?
What would it take for you to consider re-subscribing to our service?
How can we improve?
Question: What business levers could the Foodie-Fi team use to reduce the customer churn rate? How would you validate the effectiveness of your ideas?
Analyzing customers who churn
By analyzing customers who churn, foodie-Fi can identify traits that are common amongst these customers. After identifying these traits, Foodie-fi can use them to identify new customers who are at risk of churning and find ways to retain them. These ways could be:

offering discounts
offering an option to pause subscriptions
offering special packages engaging them
To evaluate this, Foodie-Fi would have to monitor customers who are most likely to churn, and after using various means to retain the, calculate the percentage that was retained and for those who still churned, how long it took for them to churn.

Identifying and targeting the right audience.
Customers could be churning because they do not like the service and there is little to nothing that Foodie-Fi can do to convince these customers. So to reduce churns and improve customer retention, Foodie-Fi can identify the right audience and make them the target market. This can be done by analyzing customers that have upgraded, customers who subscribed after trial and customers who have been subscribed for a period of time. The common traits these customers share can be analyzed and used as the basis for targeting a particular market. For example, if these customers are students or newly wedded couples or belong to a particular geographical location, Foodie-Fi could then target them because they have a higher probability of being retained. This can be evaluated by analysing customers gained after this target marketing and calculating the retention rate.
